Add documentation for :dumptests via a new section in the High Assurance chapter of Programming in Cryptol Book (#1760)
GaloisInc/cryptol: docs/ProgrammingCryptol/highAssurance/HighAssurance.tex

  sure the tweak to the above example (removal of dummy single formal
  parameter) works.}

%~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
\subsection{Generating test vectors}
\label{sec:gentestvec}

Cryptol has the ability to generate test vectors for non-polymorphic functions (there is limited support for polymorphic types) using the \texttt{:dumptests} REPL command.

> When \texttt{:dumptests} is given a file to dump the output and a function in scope, it will randomly generate inputs for the function and run them for you.

Reviewer: Consider rephrasing like:
```suggestion
The \texttt{:dumptests} command takes a file and an in-scope function; it randomly generates inputs for the function, executes the function on those inputs, and prints the output and inputs to the file.

```

Author: Liked your wording better added.

\begin{Verbatim}
  :dumptests <results file> <function>
  :dumptests results.txt myFunction
\end{Verbatim}

> The results file will contain a tab delimited file in which the first column contains the output, and each column after contains the inputs to the function in order.

Reviewer: suggested rephrase: "tab delimited file" -> "tab delimited table"? I don't love the phrasing of "the file contains a file" but I'm struggling to find a better word.

> You can set the number of tests you want to generate in your test vector by using the \texttt{:set tests=100} command. Additionally, you can also change base using \texttt{:set base=2}.

Reviewer: suggested rephrase: "change base" -> "change the base used to print to the results file"

This is because the command \texttt{:dumptests} uses the same settings for random generation that is used in \ref{sec:quickcheck}. 
The example below shows \texttt{:dumptests} run on an instance of a function polymorphic \texttt{f} which has two inputs. 
\begin{code}

>   f : {n} (fin n, n >= 2) => [n] -> [n] -> [n]

Reviewer: suggestion: I would really like it if one of these parameters was different, so that the reader can visually see how the type maps onto the result file below. Maybe
```
f : {n} (fin n, n >= 2) => [n] -> [n] -> [2 * n] 
f x y = x # (2 * y)
```

  sure the tweak to the above example (removal of dummy single formal
  parameter) works.}

%~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
\subsection{Generating test vectors}
\label{sec:gentestvec}

> Cryptol has the ability to generate test vectors for simple function types using the \texttt{:dumptests} REPL command.

Reviewer: question: What's a simple function type? Is there a way to succinctly explain what's too complex for `dumptests`?

Author: It doesn't handle polymorphic types very well. I will just say non-polymorphic types.

> Cryptol has the ability to generate test vectors for simple function types using the \texttt{:dumptests} REPL command.

Author: Added this.

When \texttt{:dumptests} is given a file to dump the output and a function in scope, it will randomly generate inputs for the function and run them for you.

> The output will contain a tab delimited file in which the first column contains the output, and each column after contains the inputs to the function.

Reviewer: suggestion: I assume the inputs are in the same order as they are passed to the function?

> The command \texttt{:dumptests} uses the same settings as \texttt{:check} \ref{sec:quickcheck}, this means you can set the number of tests you want using the \texttt{:set tests=100} command.

Reviewer: suggestion: I misinterpreted this as saying that dumptests is like check except it tells you what inputs it used. That's not really the case, though, is it? Because (a) dumptests isn't specifically for properties, it's for any function, and thus (b) dumptests doesn't fail or say anything if a function returns false (as in my example in another comment).

I would suggest removing the reference to check, or having it come second in the sentence so that the emphasis is on the fact that you can change the number of tests you get:
> The size of the output of `dumptests` can be modified by using `:set tests=1000` to change the number of tests to 1000. This is the same configuration setting that is used to determine the number of tests run for the `:check` command, as described in Section [...].

Reviewer: It also looks like if you change the base `:set base=2` you'll get the test output in that format. Is this something users might care about?

Author: Right, this is why I wanted to reference all of the things in `:check` as it is essentially using the random generation from there... but I agree that it is a bit confusing as is.

Author: Reworded but did keep the reference to quick check in there as it appears that this will use generators you create as well which is good to know.

> The command \texttt{:dumptests} uses the same settings as \texttt{:check} \ref{sec:quickcheck}, this means you can set the number of tests you want using the \texttt{:set tests=100} command.

Reviewer 2: also typo: , -> ;

> The following is an example using \href{https://github.com/GaloisInc/cryptol-specs/blob/7468d170f5e9e3913cd12e29c76d8c041ef99dd0/Primitive/Keyless/Hash/SHA2/Instantiations/SHA256.cry}{SHA2-256 implemntation} in \href{https://github.com/GaloisInc/cryptol-specs}{cryptol-specs}.

Reviewer 2: +1, better than my suggestion of rewording the explanation

> The following is an example using \href{https://github.com/GaloisInc/cryptol-specs/blob/7468d170f5e9e3913cd12e29c76d8c041ef99dd0/Primitive/Keyless/Hash/SHA2/Instantiations/SHA256.cry}{SHA2-256 implemntation} in \href{https://github.com/GaloisInc/cryptol-specs}{cryptol-specs}.

Author: Going to make a simple function, but did want to show how it can be used on instances of a polymporphic function as well as ones with non `Bit` outputs.

> The following is an example using \href{https://github.com/GaloisInc/cryptol-specs/blob/7468d170f5e9e3913cd12e29c76d8c041ef99dd0/Primitive/Keyless/Hash/SHA2/Instantiations/SHA256.cry}{SHA2-256 implemntation} in \href{https://github.com/GaloisInc/cryptol-specs}{cryptol-specs}.

Reviewer: Gotcha. Yeah, I think having more complex examples for practical settings is useful, but it's nice to build up to them. In particular, it's nice if the first example has
- a small function that the user can see & understand
- visually different types for input and output so the column labels are more obvious

> The following is an example using \href{https://github.com/GaloisInc/cryptol-specs/blob/7468d170f5e9e3913cd12e29c76d8c041ef99dd0/Primitive/Keyless/Hash/SHA2/Instantiations/SHA256.cry}{SHA2-256 implemntation} in \href{https://github.com/GaloisInc/cryptol-specs}{cryptol-specs}.

Author: This line was no longer needed with changed example.

> The following is an example using \href{https://github.com/GaloisInc/cryptol-specs/blob/7468d170f5e9e3913cd12e29c76d8c041ef99dd0/Primitive/Keyless/Hash/SHA2/Instantiations/SHA256.cry}{SHA2-256 implemntation} in \href{https://github.com/GaloisInc/cryptol-specs}{cryptol-specs}.

Author: Added new example that still has the components from this that I wanted to show off.

> The output file was modified slightly by putting the input on the next line tabbed in. 

Reviewer 2: This sentence isn't very clear. I have two suggestions: (1) change the name of output.txt to something else (e.g. results.txt) because otherwise "outputs" and "inputs" are unconnected things and that's confusing; and (2) say why things have been changed, something like "the example results shown have been adjusted slightly for clarity by splitting each input value onto its own indented line".

Author: This line was no longer needed in the new example.

\begin{Verbatim}
Cryptol> :load Primitive/Keyless/Hash/SHA2/Instantiations/SHA256.cry
Loading module Cryptol
Loading module `where` argument of Primitive::Keyless::Hash::SHA2::Instantiations::SHA256
Loading interface module `parameter` interface of 
  Primitive::Keyless::Hash::SHA2::Specification
Loading module Primitive::Keyless::Hash::SHA2::Specification
Loading module Primitive::Keyless::Hash::SHA2::Instantiations::SHA256
Primitive::Keyless::Hash::SHA2::Instantiations::SHA256> :dumptests output.txt hash`{256}
Primitive::Keyless::Hash::SHA2::Instantiations::SHA256> :quit
% head output.txt                                                        

> 0x6055ba8ba7ae5a07b972f621b0a1953e8769a8fba9e767b70016fe00b8173c61

Reviewer: suggestion: This aligns with my other comment but it's hard to tell what's tab-separated and what's on separate lines with such long values. Can you maybe parameterize the function with some much smaller number so that the PDF renders the output on one line? Or use a different function with littler inputs?
